Glass-Fall
==========

This is a personal project that I do after school and usually in the evening. 
The development code is called `Glass Fall`, but this is a project that will fetch URL from a default webpage on `Node.js`,
then it will send fetched URLs to the browser. 

Currently, it only supports desktop verson, and mobile version is under construction :) if I still have time after school.

The desktop version enables showing URLs by search a HTML page or pictures, currently, other application document will be 
downloaded by your web brosers by default. 

Your traces will be save to my CouchDB by default, and alternative, you can switch to save to a file, but I haven't 
enabled it. 

## Build the app

To sreve the application you need a server running Node.js with NPM installed. Step to get the web server running:

    cd WAMP-Tryout
    npm install
    node app.js

**The application is still under development** and it does not work yet.

## Implementation

The application is done by the combination of Node.js, which serves as its backend; CouchDB and File System, which provide data storage; Front-end is supported by jQuery and Require.JS. The web pages are generated by “template” called embedded Javascript (EJS), and decorated by plain CSS. 

Node.js will fetch Web Content from the default URL (Master URL). To make it easy, I assumed that the master URL is in content type of HTML (and yes it is). After that, Node.js will fetch HTML content then analyse all URLs based on RFC1738 using Regular Expression. As for the requirement, the application will save URLs page by page by default. This will only store the same URLs in a page one time, and are recognised by their MD5 hash value. Alternatively, you can store in files. Finally, Node.js sends the web page to Front-end where the user will see. 

The Front-end is responsible to display the web page. With CSS, the page become more user friendly and nice. With Javascript, it adds additional functions such as showing pictures if the URLs link to. Additional libraries are served by Cloud Delivery Network.
